upsert cert caches (#4395)
concourse/concourse: release-notes/latest.md

> #### <sub><sup><a name="v551-note-1" href="#v551-note-1">:link:</a></sup></sub> fix

Reviewer: This is fine, but so you're aware these IDs can be anything unique, so the PR number or issue number is a natural choice, i.e.
```suggestion
#### <sub><sup><a name="v551-note-4326" href="#v551-note-4326">:link:</a></sup></sub> fix
```

> * If you are using LetsEnrypt, you will want to upgrade to this version because it includes a fix for a bug where updating existing autocert/acme certificates fails

Reviewer: let's mention the bug and this PR number for documentation best practices. Also typo.
```suggestion
* If you are using LetsEncrypt, you will want to upgrade to this version because it includes a fix for a [bug](https://github.com/concourse/concourse/issues/4326) where updating existing autocert/acme certificates fails #4395.
```

> tldr: upsert autocert certs.

Reviewer: I don't think this is necessary
